README.md, before:

# Notion Equation Autocomplete

Enhance your mathematical writing experience on Notion with autocompletion for LaTeX commands.

## 🎯 Features

- **Smart Autocomplete**: Real-time suggestions for LaTeX commands as you type
- **Native Integration**: Seamlessly integrates into Notion's equation editor
- **Comprehensive Library**: Supports a wide range of mathematical symbols and commands
- **Time-Saving**: Write equations faster and with fewer errors

## 🚀 Installation

### From Web Store (Coming Soon)

The extension will be available on the Chrome Web Store and Firefox Add-ons soon.

### From Source

1. Clone this repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/apryoty/notion-equation-autocomplete.git
cd notion-equation-autocomplete
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

3. Build the project:
```bash
npm run build
```

4. Load the extension in your browser:
   - **Chrome/Edge**: Go to `chrome://extensions/`, enable Developer mode, and click "Load unpacked"
   - **Firefox**: Go to `about:debugging#/runtime/this-firefox`, click "Load Temporary Add-on"

## Usage

1. Open Notion in your browser
2. Create or edit a LaTeX equation (type `/equation` or `/inline equation`)
3. Start typing a LaTeX command (e.g., `\alpha`, `\frac`, `\sum`)
4. Autocomplete suggestions will appear automatically

## Development

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v14 or higher)
- npm or yarn

### Available Scripts

```bash
# Development with hot reload
npm run dev

# Build for production
npm run build

# Run tests
npm test

# Lint code
npm run lint
```

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Feel free to:

1. Fork the project
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Contact

Apryoty - [@apryoty](https://github.com/apryoty)

Project Link: [https://github.com/apryoty/notion-equation-autocomplete](https://github.com/apryoty/notion-equation-autocomplete)

Commit message:

Modify README - Adding compatibility -Adding build commands

README.md, after:

# Notion Equation Autocomplete

Enhance your mathematical writing experience on Notion with autocompletion for LaTeX commands.

## 🎯 Features

- **Smart Autocomplete**: Real-time suggestions for LaTeX commands as you type
- **Native Integration**: Seamlessly integrates into Notion's equation editor
- **Comprehensive Library**: Supports a wide range of mathematical symbols and commands
- **Time-Saving**: Write equations faster and with fewer errors

## 🚀 Installation

### From Web Store (Coming Soon)

The extension will be available on the Chrome Web Store and Firefox Add-ons soon.

### From Source

1. Clone this repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/apryoty/notion-equation-autocomplete.git
cd notion-equation-autocomplete
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

3. Build the project:

**For Chrome/Edge:**
```bash
npm run build:chrome
```
The extension will be in the `dist-chrome` folder.

**For Firefox:**
```bash
npm run build:firefox
```
The extension will be in the `dist-firefox` folder.

**For both browsers:**
```bash
npm run build
```

4. Load the extension in your browser:
   - **Chrome/Edge**: Go to `chrome://extensions/`, enable Developer mode, click "Load unpacked", and select the `dist-chrome` folder
   - **Firefox**: Go to `about:debugging#/runtime/this-firefox`, click "Load Temporary Add-on", and select the `manifest.json` file in the `dist-firefox` folder

## 🌐 Browser Compatibility

- ✅ **Chrome** (v88+)
- ✅ **Microsoft Edge** (v88+)
- ✅ **Firefox** (v78+)
- ✅ **Opera** (v74+)
- ✅ **Brave**

## Usage

1. Open Notion in your browser
2. Create or edit a LaTeX equation (type `/equation` or `/inline equation`)
3. Start typing a LaTeX command (e.g., `\alpha`, `\frac`, `\sum`)
4. Autocomplete suggestions will appear automatically

## Development

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v14 or higher)
- npm or yarn

### Available Scripts

```bash
# Development with hot reload
npm run dev

# Build for production
npm run build

# Lint code
npm run lint
```

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Feel free to:

1. Fork the project
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Contact

Apryoty - [@apryoty](https://github.com/apryoty)

Project Link: [https://github.com/apryoty/notion-equation-autocomplete](https://github.com/apryoty/notion-equation-autocomplete)
